            RDKDC(EN.530.646)                                                          6
              2. It is recommended to enable some kind of debugging output, or some kind of callback (print the current
                status when a certain key is pressed), it will expedite your simulation.
              3. In real applications there are always a lot of details to consider: the collision between the end-effector
                and the table surface. Be careful and try not to break anything!
              4. Modularize your code.
            Deliverables
              1. Submitasinglezipfiletitled“FinalProject TEAM# MemberInitials”tothegradescope“FinalProject”,
                which includes two folders, one with a main script called ur project.m for ROS environment and the
                other with a main script called ur project rtde.m for RTDE environment . An example of the file name
                is:
                “FinalProject TEAM2 AH DC JL MX”, if Annie Huang, Denglin Cheng, Jiacheng Li, and Mengyu
                Xiao are team 2.
                In the ur project.m script, the user should be able to choose the method of control: IK-based, or RR-
                based. Check to verify that the files you hand in run. In the ur project rtde.m, the use can execute
                RR by hitting the return button. Check to verify that the files you hand in run. You also have the
                option to create new custom MATLAB/Python files for the project, just make sure that they are well
                documented and all the necessary files are included in the zip.
                Make sure your code is clearly documented with sufÏcient comments to make it easy to understand.
                Sloppy code will not receive full credit.
                All codes needed to run your program should be in this submission (including any code you made
                for previous labs!).
              2. A PDFreport specifying your algorithm (workflow), simulation results, and all other important consid-
                erations, as well as workload distribution between team members. This report must be submitted to the
                gradescope “Final Project: Report”. Name the file as “FinalProjectReport TEAM# MemberInitials”.
                In particular, report errors between the desired location and the actual location during the simulation
                (this corresponds to both start and target locations). For example let gd = (Rd,rd) ∈ SE(3) be the de-
                sired start location, and let g = (R,r) ∈ SE(3) be the actual start location that the robot end-effector
                reaches in your simulation. Then report two errors for this start location as
                                              q                ⊤
                                        d   = tr((R−R )(R−R ) )
                                        SO(3)          d     d
                                          d 3 = ∥r−rd∥.
                                          R
                Do the same for the target location as well. These errors are applied to all three algorithm cases.
              3. Submission should be done by only one member of your team. The report must clearly state team
                members, with workload distribution as mentioned earlier.
              4. We will set up a demo time (presumably Monday, Dec. 15, 2025), so that each team shows their final
                outcome to the instructor and the TAs. Note that even though the demo session for your group is
                scheduled before the due date/time of submission, your demo must contain final outcome of the project.
                If you do not succeed in the demo, your final outcome is not considered complete.
            References
            [1] Ryan Keating, UR5 Inverse Kinematics. 2014
