                                    EN.530.646
                  Robot Devices, Kinematics, Dynamic and Control
                                   Final Project
                                  Jin Seob Kim, Ph.D.
                            Senior Lecturer, LCSR, ME dept., JHU
                                 Out: 12/04/2025 (Thu)
                           Due: 12/15/2025 (Mon) by midnight ET
           This is exclusively used for Fall 2025 EN.530.646 RDKDC students, may not be scanned, photographed,
           transcribed, copied, distributed, or transmitted in any form without written permission from the Author.
           This document is copyrighted by the Johns Hopkins University.
          Introduction
          The objective of this project is to use the UR5(e) robot to perform a “push-and-place” task. You will
          implement a program that allows you to first teach the UR5(e) the positions of the start location (denoted
          as (1) in Fig. 1) and then automatically complete the push-and-place operation with two different types of
          control. The push-and-place operation will be done either without using any end-effector, or by using any
          end-effector such as a pen gripper (originally to use a soft pen attached to the end-effector: see Fig. 3 and 4
          for details). It is essentially the same as the classical “pick-and-place” task.
            Figure 1: A schematic of the push-and-place task. A foam cube and a white board will be provided.
          The goal is to move the UR5(e) robot to gently push a foam cube on a white board about 3 cm. See Fig. 2
          for a cube and a white board. The robot is to move from the start position, denoted as (1) in Fig. 1), to
          push the foam cube by about 3 cm to the right, as seen in Fig. 1. Then the target position, denoted as
          (2) in Fig. 1), is the new location where the robot moves to push the cube back near the original location.
                                         1
