                 RDKDC(EN.530.646)                                                                                         4
                 Note that in all the tasks above, you have to implement the safety check such that the robot does not hit
                 the table surface, joint limits, and so on.
                 Extra Task
                 After you complete the main task above, you are all welcome to try any interesting idea which involves robot
                 motion using inverse/differential kinematics. You may use available resources or third party libraries (with
                 approval of the instructor or the TAs due to safety concerns). This will lead to the extra credits. Remember
                 to COMPLETE THE MAIN TASK before becoming adventurous with the further credit!! Contact TAs if
                 you need extra help to setup a special environment.
                 Inverse Kinematics
                 The function “urInvKin.m” will be provided that calculates all eight possible solutions to the inverse kine-
                 matics for the UR5(e) at a given frame in the workspace. Several of the solutions will not be practical to
                 use and you will need to select the “best” solution to move the robot to during your “Inverse Kinematic”
                 control. Explain this in your report.
                    1. Input 1: g  (or T6 as defined in [1]), the 4x4 homogeneous transformation matrix.
                                 06      0
                    2. Input 2: "ur5" or "ur5e", indicating the controlled robot type.
                    3. Output: A 6×8 matrix, each column represents one possible solution of joint angles.
                 Thefunction computes the solutions following the Denavit-Hartenberg (D-H) convention described in [1], i.e.
                 from the “base link” to “tool0” frames. Therefore, you will either need to redefine your forward kinematics
                 to match this convention or define the (constant) transformations from the “0” frame in [1] to the “S” frame
                 and from the “6” frame in [1] to the “T” frame if you would like to reuse results from homework sets and
                 previous labs. The frame definitions are illustrated in Fig. 5 for your reference. There is also a Test Function
                 included in the Lab files that will allow you to see the scale of the errors between your forward kinematic
                 implementation and this inverse kinematic implementation. If you would like to reduce your errors, you may
                 update your code to use the same DH parameters as were used in [1]. For the UR5e, the frames are defined
                 the same but the link dimensions are different. Please refer back to Lab 3 for more.
                     (a) Description of “base link” and “tool0” frames   (b) RVIZ model with “base link” and “tool0” frames
                                   Figure 5: (a) Geometry of the UR5. (b) The RVIZ Model of the UR5.
